feat: Add Telemetry (#91)
spotify/confidence-sdk-python: README.md

})
```

## Telemetry

> The SDK includes telemetry functionality that helps monitor SDK performance and usage. By default, telemetry is enabled and collects metrics (anonymously) such as resolve latency and request status. This data is used by the Confidence team, and in certain cases it is also exposed to the SDK adopters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK includes telemetry functionality that helps monitor SDK performance and usage. By default, telemetry is enabled and collects metrics (anonymously) such as resolve latency and request status. This data is used by the Confidence team to improve the product, and in certain cases it is also available to the SDK adopters.
```
